# Online Banking System

A browser-server Java + Oracle project for managing customer accounts, balances, and transactions.

Work in progress yall, but heres an explanation of everything, I spent a bit trying to figure out how we were going to get everything running properly.
Here are the main components.
-----------------------------
1. Docker
Docker is our main source for running and compiling the entirety of the code, including the database and finished client.
It connects everything pretty well from what I tested, and hopefully, because of how it works, should function relatively 
easily when using this repo in your own programming application. Just make sure that you have the Docker extension installed.

Along with the extension in your IDE, download the application, which you dont need an account for (I think), it shows you your connection to
the database and allows you to disconnect easily when youre done
https://www.docker.com/

2. Java Development Kit 17
We all most likely have this installed, but just make sure yk, overall language for the backend

3. Oracle SQL Developer
Used to connect to the database, and create all the necessary tables, views, restraints, etc.
https://www.oracle.com/database/sqldeveloper/
-----------------------------

In order to start the database up, make sure you are clicked on the main file directory, the top most one, open a terminal, and type 
"docker compose up -d oracle-db"

This instructs docker to execute the compose file, specifically the oracle-db service.

By doing this, you can go into Oracle SQL Developer, click the green plus sign in the top left, and put in the information which is also found in 
the docker compose file
Username: SYSTEM
Password: wompwompwomp
hostname: localhost
port: 1521
Service Name: XEPDB1

Test the connection, and if it works YEIGHHHHHHH YEIGHHHHHHHHHHH

---------------------------

Assuming a sucessful connection is made to the dateabase, running "BankingApplication.java"
will boot up the entire website and functions, including a homepage(/) with user login, employee login, and bank info.

1. Employee login, supports managers, tellers, as well as admins.
    - Admins have full access to all available functions, as shown in code.
        -Functions include, viewing all employees and users in the database, searching up customers by last name,
        -creating and deleting accounts and users.

        -Users have access to their finances upon login, and can make deposits and withdraws.

        -Regular employees have the ability to view all customers under their assigned bank.

Created by Christal Cain, Kyra Currence, and Brandon Lloyd.
